When extracting a wheel, do not recheck parent directories (#12782)
pypa/pip: news/12782.bugfix.rst

> Improve performance of pip install. When extracting a wheel,
> do not recheck/recreate the parent directory before extracting each file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve pip install performance by only creating required parent
directories once, instead of before extracting every file in the wheel. 
```
